# vim:ft=dosini
# My config for ncmpcpp


[ncmpcpp]
ncmpcpp_directory = ~/.config/ncmpcpp
mpd_music_dir = "/mnt/music"

[song]
display_bitrate = yes
jump_to_now_playing_song_at_start = yes
fetch_lyrics_for_current_song_in_background = no
incremental_seeking = yes
execute_on_song_change = notify-send -a ncmpcpp "Now Playing" "$(mpc --format '%title% \n%artist% - %album%' current)"

[progressbar]
progressbar_look  = =|╼
progressbar_color = green

[ui]
user_interface = alternative
main_window_color = red
alternative_ui_separator_color = blue
show_hidden_files_in_local_browser = no
allow_for_physical_item_deletion = yes
centered_cursor = yes
autocenter_mode = yes
startup_screen = visualizer
playlist_display_mode = classic

[visualizer]
visualizer_data_source = /tmp/mpdv.fifo
visualizer_in_stereo = yes
visualizer_type = wave_filled
visualizer_look = "••"
visualizer_output_name = "FIFO output"
visualizer_color = blue
visualizer_autoscale = yes
visualizer_spectrum_smooth_look = yes
visualizer_fps = 120


